docs(prometheus.scrape): Augment prometheus.scrape 'scheme' argument strengthening link to protocol. (#4683)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.scrape.md

The scrape job name defaults to the component's unique identifier.

One of the following can be provided:

* [`authorization`][authorization] block
* [`basic_auth`][basic_auth] block
* [`bearer_token_file`](#arguments) argument
* [`bearer_token`](#arguments) argument
* [`oauth2`][oauth2] block

> If conflicting attributes are passed, e.g., defining both a `bearer_token` and `bearer_token_file` or configuring both `basic_auth` and `oauth2` at the same time, the component reports an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If conflicting attributes are passed, for example, defining both a `bearer_token` and `bearer_token_file` or configuring both `basic_auth` and `oauth2` at the same time, the component reports an error.
```
